we got a chance to chat when we're in
Brooklyn last month yeah you came to the
show with your parents I did
any parents are here at the show again
with you I say hi guys the birds are
very nice yeah did they go with you to a
lot of things um no oh no it got to my
kids actually this is my first time my
dad's in LA ever oh wow yeah he's cooped
up in the Bronx all the time I got him
out of there my mom usually travels with
me everywhere she came to the Emmys with
me your mom was at the Emmys yeah your
speech at the Emmys was maybe the best
moment of the show that was really to
your mom dad didn't get to come to the
Emmys with you know why not um I had to
bring one person so oh you only had a
plus-one I only had a plus-one oh it's
like a and mama wins all the time now
what about the Golden Globes presuming
you get nominated for a Golden Globe ooh
you bring dad I'm getting like intense
stares right now you can get more than
one ticket by the way well maybe I
shouldn't be saying this Jorah might be
able to get more than one ticket if
Jimmy says it come on right have you
thought about having a contest to see
which one earns the spot at the Golden
Globe over the next few months you know
no I haven't but I should it's not a bad
idea or thing like who could do the most
jumping jacks is something more intense
no like who you know makes me the best
meals and ro like you know just treat
you the best I think this is becoming
really awkward right now yeah that's my
specialty
how did you celebrate after you won the
Emmy
with your mom you guys hang out all
night oh we actually went to in-and-out
burger
walking in and out after the Emmys for
the Oscars and they're just trophies all
over the counter no no there weren't
yeah it was actually just me in there
amongst everyone who most people drive
through yeah yeah actually it's funny I
went in on when it was super late so we
thought it was gonna be closed so the
plan was to kind of bring the Emmy to
the door that kind of late you know I
see how much I could get
was actually open so we were like I know
let's keep it in the car yes I'd and
everyone was in their tux like opened
you know lazy shoes off like everyone
was straight from the Emmys there right
oh we thought we were getting away from
it all but when we went in there
everybody was like looking at me like
that I'm like I'm just here for a burger
well it was the last like years but well
you know you were in moonlight which of
course as we know we have a great
picture of you I'm sure you've seen this
a million times but this is the moment
his zoomin if we could this is a moment
when after the wrong Best Picture winner
had been announced lala land they
corrected it and said moonlight was the
winner and you that's quite a reaction
there that's solid I was in the middle
of that thing
yeah what uh what was going through your
mind at that moment I mean pretty much
everything and nothing at the same time
I was I felt numb I felt like I was out
of my body That's not me in that picture
somebody else were you disappointed when
the movie didn't win yeah I mean I was I
was definitely a little crush because uh
for me I was there for the team you know
I wasn't it didn't feel like like the
Emmys it was kind of more personal for
me individual right yeah moonlight was
for the best picture so it was almost
like I wanted it for me and my cast
members and everybody was part of it we
put so much into it so of course I had
like a little like oh but my phone was
ringing in my pocket it was my mom
saying hey it's okay you're still a
winner in my heart oh wow things like
that but she also said keep a keep a
straight face the cameras looking at you
you didn't yeah that wasn't much of a
straight face you have there yeah right
and even though only two minutes had
passed where where Lalla line was kind
of accepting everything it felt like a
year had gone by too me too because I
was confused yeah anything like this it
was very confusing I mean for a while it
seemed like people were gonna blame me
for it even though I wasn't even on
stage when it app I'm putting blames you
first yeah also like Oprah I think
praised you on Instagram yeah now what
is that like when you've not ever had
you met Oprah ever before no not once
she posted me on Instagram it was really
just a picture of me and my face and who
knows that that's on there um I guess I
can't remember who told me right cuz I'm
more focused on what I felt when I saw
them what did you feel when you saw it I
dropped my phone I really did you did I
really you know one of those moments in
the movies where it's like whoa and
everything drops I dropped my phone you
did yeah I did Oprah buy you a new phone
no no no Shannon have you spent time
with Oprah since that moment I actually
ended up going to dinner with Oprah oh
that's good just the two of you
that's where mom gets jealous right are
there yeah
no actually it's even better I was with
Oprah Winfrey I was with Colin
Kaepernick I was with Wow with their
spoon what was that Ava Duvernay and the
real Korey wise and there was all of us
pretty much all at a table with some
other guests but pretty much this
where's this leg at a TGI Fridays no it
was at array it was building you know
she has a huge campus I see yeah and was
there a moment at all where somebody
just like okay who's gonna pay for this
do people just assume Oprah will pay for
[Laughter]
I don't eat my food I swear like my food
was just sitting there and I'm like
looking around terrified it was it was
incredible well congratulations on all
your success if you haven't seen when
they see us it's it's terrific it's on
Netflix now and to roll Jerome everybody
thank you hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this
is the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it